Release Emulator UI v1.6.6. (#4499)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix database emulator rules error parsing (#4454).
- Fix timestamp format in Auth Emulator events (#3093).
- Fix `TypeError: Invalid Version:` error when emulating functions (#4403).

> - Fix Storage Emulator UI creating folder (https://github.com/firebase/firebase-tools-ui/issues/738).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix issue with creating folders from Storage Emulator UI  (https://github.com/firebase/firebase-tools-ui/issues/738).
```
